A brief morning entry. I just woke up, and today seems like a slightly quieter day in markets. I still feel a bit of anxiety. I can feel it hovering over me because every now and then I notice that my shoulders are tight, and I feel good once I relax them.

I have been thinking about the concept of "mindful habits." Maybe the way to deal with my own stress and anxiety and find a bit more balance — not be scanning for worry all the time — is to notice it, rather than wish it away. Notice it, notice it's not very useful, and notice it doesn't feel good. I don't remember where I read something (10% Happier maybe?) about the idea that one can start from believing that "the price for security is insecurity" but slowly ease off a bit.

I see it, I am grateful for where this all took me, and then I let go a little bit.

---

Evening entry — kind of a bad day today. The morning started well; after breakfast, Shirley went with Beau to pick up a desk, and I worked on my AI game at home and then at the curb. That felt very nice and I felt like I made very good progress. Then we went for a swim at Outrigger, which was nice too.

Then I went back to our car and checked my work email. The big bad: Greg's email informing the team that we lost some extraordinary amount of money in Singapore jet — which I feel quite a lot of responsibility for, since I truly did not think this kind of performance would be possible for that trade. I am unhappy that he stopped us out at the crazy levels, but that's not really the point. I feel like this one is my mistake more than anyone else's, and I feel like I was just wrong about the distribution of events going in. Admitting that feels right, but it's also painful. I am unhappy about it.

There's a meta-level to that too, which is that lately I have this response to things going badly at work: I think that well, I can always quit, or if I am let go maybe that is for the best after all. And then my mind and body follows that up by tightening really severely — feeling bad about spending any money, feeling unhappy that Shirley is not generating income yet, feeling like the money we made in the past is all we'll ever get to make and so we have to stop spending.

I know that is not realistic, but I think it's a consequence of:
* I used to not really consider a world where I'm not doing my job.
* Because I had a good year last year, and because Shirley is "about to start" generating income, it feels like it's not obviously a necessity for me to keep doing my job.
* But since I don't really have a full sense of security yet, I'm holding on really hard, and the idea of not working is just plausible enough to be scary.

The whole thing doesn't make much sense; my situation is objectively better than it was a year ago, but for whatever reason the existential dread is greater and the fear is greater. It feels irrational but it's there nonetheless.

Ultimately, I think maybe I'm overcomplicating this whole thing. This week has been a rollercoaster; not being around at work for it is a bad, the Singapore jet trade is also a bad; I am not used to a lot of bads together, and even if there are other goods (which there are — obviously never know, but even at work I think we net-net made money this week — and my life is otherwise pretty great), I am just not very good at dealing with this and stuck in a combo of not wanting to accept it, making excuses, arguing with a mental image of Greg, and so on.

It's okay, I made mistakes and I was unlucky. There's quite a bit of both here. Being lucky and making mistakes is not great but helps you feel better; being unlucky while doing everything right is not great but helps you feel better too; this is just kind of the worst quadrant, and it doesn't happen too often.

I could write a bit about why it's important to do some self-work so that I can manage my own worry better and I don't have to go into the loop of "this is painful → oh well maybe I just quit → I'm unsafe → stop spending money, what are we doing, no no no." Ultimately the answer is — see it for what it is. It's okay to have the occasional doom loop. My brain likes to scan for worry all the time; right now, there's something real; usually, it goes after the impending catastrophe of choice, when ultimately the only truth is that my ability to predict the future on this sort of thing is just not very good.

But I think this is ultimately a lesson in: I made mistakes and I was unlucky. I may as well accept both of those. I can learn something from it too. Maybe I will be able to learn well and not overlearn; who knows. Accepting a bit of pain is okay. Ultimately, things are okay — not because I find refuge in my existing money or in Shirley finding a job or in the fact that I can cut expenses or whatnot — but because I am a decent person and I belong in this world. I am a decent person and I belong in this world, and that is all that matters.

Anyways, after that, Shirley and I went to pick up some furniture for the lanai and we bought a couple things at Whole Foods, and then we had my "birthday" dinner, which was a fun time. I was a bit blue, but it was okay. It was nice to hear people talk about ordinary things. It's okay; we all belong in this world.

One last note: I got an email from Jack Zhang about him vacating his seat — seemingly unwillingly. I hope he is okay. I should ask Marshall to give me a contact for him when I am back. This probably adds to my sense of lack of safety — as did Alec's thing earlier in the year. But ultimately, I think the answer is the same. Be good to your friends, and don't find refuge in money; find refuge in your goodness and remember you belong in this world.
