# March 7, 2026 — Hawaii

## Morning

Just woke up feeling anxious again. I did 10 minutes of meditation, which I mostly spent thinking about work, although by the end I was able to focus on my breath more, if only for a little while.

Now I'm sitting in the lanai, which is very, very comfortable. This really is a beautiful place. I can take a deep breath and feel the air come in. I see the trees near me and all the way out I see the ocean.

## Evening

Today we went to North Shore, then came back, ate at Beau's place, and now we're home. I feel a lot of sadness. I think there's fear of the fact that I fly back tomorrow, and I have to go back to work, and I don't feel ready, and Shirley will still be here and so I will be alone. I don't think I've ever felt this scared of it before. I don't know what it is, I just really feel a lot of aversion right now.

What do I want? I just want to hide. I don't want to rise to the challenge right now. Part of me is envisioning telling my parents that I'm just not happy about work these days. I feel alone in that no one can really help me, even though it's not because people don't want to help me — it's just that there's not much that others can do for me right now.

In a dream world, Shirley would tell me that she just got it for a little while, she can make money and take care of things as I rest. My teammates would tell me that I'm awesome and that of course I need a bit of rest — it's normal and they value me even if I was on vacation last week. Seth said that last week, and it mattered a lot.

But aside from that, I don't know what can really help. In the meantime, I'll take good care of myself — mental health days while I'm away, and next week can be just four days if I want.

Ultimately, this too shall pass — the crisis will end, and I can always find people to talk to.
